greetings brave traveler and as always i
hope you're having a fan freaking tastic
day today we're going to take a look at
our enhancement shaman bis set for phase
3. notice immediately there is no tier
in our best set we don't use tier it's
not very strong the set bonuses are crap
and it's a complete change from last
year in that regard it's a good thing
that we don't use tier in some ways but
also
all of these items are heavily contested
by somebody
so
enjoy the possibility of riding low on
the gear list
hopefully your raid leader will see the
potential of enhancement going forward
base three all the way through phase
five we become powerhouses though maybe
we'll get some favor if we've been a
good raider
anyways let's get right into it
first vision of sargeras obviously our
best helm
this is the only piece that i could
potentially see an argument for going
into the sky shatter cover temporarily
but inevitably this will be your best
so you could jump from your cataclysm
helm because you're going to be
replacing your four piece to your set
anyway
and go to the sky shatter cover as a
backup option since tiers pieces will
drop much more frequently than the
cursed vision of sargeras and every
physical dps basically will want this
help but consider that when you're
making your loot list you can have this
as a backup item next choker of endless
nightmares there's no discussion on it
it's pretty straightforward strongest
neck piece
this one gets a little hairy uh
expertise is a very valuable stat but
also so is haste
so we may keep our shoulder pads of the
stranger for a while and be okay with
that the haste from the shoulders is
very nice
i could see an argument to stick with
the shoulder pads of the stranger for
the entire tier
but you will miss out on 38 haste which
is a lot of haste so trade that for 10
expertise it's very close
i would say that expertise is also very
valuable i'm going to stick with these
for a while but i will inevitably switch
to the hay shoulders
shadow moon destroys drape
the obvious choice there is no other
midnight chest guard very clearly this
by a long shot
deadly cuffs
not necessarily the clear winner you can
swap these with lightning reflexes this
will give you more haste but hit rating
is something that we still want to worry
about we don't want to drop too low on
the hit rating otherwise we're just not
going to be hitting the boss we could
swing as fast as we want to but hitting
the boss is not going to be a thing i'm
gonna go with the deadly cuffs you could
make an argument for going with the
bindings of lightning reflexes here
the weapon choice is a little bit
difficult so
arguably the vengeful gladiators
cleavers are the ultimate weapons in
this regard they have 349 high-end
damage
and comparing that to what other sets
will call for is the siphon of nathrezim
very strong maces
i would say these are actually your
second base because of the proc and the
fact that they're slow and have a high
end damage cap
and with all the haste that you'll be
getting these are going to be quite
strong being as the vengeful gladiators
cleavers only have a 20 damage high-end
difference
and they're a little faster i think this
is the way to go 49 armor penetration on
both of those items is
very very good
so
i'm going to try for these
and my other enhancement shaman in the
guild is going for the siphon of nath
regime wants two of those obviously
in the meantime i've priored rising tide
just to hold out until i get those axes
if i'm unsuccessful i'll switch over to
the siphon of nathrezim thankfully
there's not really a lot of people
competing for these items as they're
this for like rogues and things like
that are different
grips of damnation are your absolute
best a second alternative would be fists
of makwa
i think that these are going to be a
very viable option as grips of damnation
will be like highly competitive of
course they'll be the absolute best for
everybody
this is a good option to pick up
secondary and it's male so it excludes
rogues from the list of people that can
use this item
belt of 100 deaths still bis
the expertise is too good with high
attack power double gem slots
it's a very strong item plus it gives us
one of our blue socket pieces
which is important to activate
our gem i have chosen however to put
bone weave girdle on my list and shadow
stalkers cord as like backup items until
maybe i get this i will probably be
pugging for this for a while if the
guild decides not to go back and do
these at any point it is what it is
thankfully serpentro and cavern is very
easy now
we'll move to the leggings
so this is another spot
where there is item contention if you
will
the bow stitch leggings are going to be
hands down your highest stats available
putting three strength gems in the
leggings or two strength gems one blue
gem to activate our meta socket
these leggings outright at base level
have the best stats
however
shady dealers pandaloons have 175
armor penetration
these two items are very close together
closer than i would say these sims are
showing on 70 upgrades
only because armor penetration scales so
well
yes you'll lose attack power
yes you'll lose crit but you gain 175
armor penetration these are very close i
would look at i would consider
this as your ultimate base in the end
however many arguments can be made for
the shady dealer's pantaloons they're
very close considerate
shadowmaster's boots are the best
another caveat though is if you want to
add extra hit rating the soft step boots
of tracking are also very strong they
are not far off the only benefit to
these over these is that you gain
more attack power potential as they have
the the red gem slot and you could argue
that you'd want to go red yellow here
for the extra critical strike rating to
match the crit that you get from the
soft step boots of tracking at which
point then you're just getting these for
hit which is an accurate statement and
inevitably up to you as of this said i'm
at 17.54
hit chance which is good
but with those i go up to 1862 i equal
out the crit
but i will lose attack power in the end
so it's very very close i wouldn't fret
too much if you got either or of these
and be okay with it
stormrage signet ring the obvious biss
it's this for everybody
it has 126 armor pen and 30 hit rating
and 66 attack power
it's just the best one band of
devastation is a very good second ring
to have as you have haste on this ring
if there's extras floating around from
the trash mobs
maybe hold on to two of the band of
devastation unless of course you already
have a band of ranger general then keep
that for now
madness of the betrayer obviously the
best trinket you could have
there are many many arguments for either
bloodlust broaches second or tsunami
talisman
both of these are extremely powerful
tsunami talisman has more uptime on the
increased attack power
however baseline attack power is also
very strong so these are very close uh
the actual end-all be-all mathematics
would probably be tsunami talisman and
madness of the betrayer they're going to
be
mathematically very close at the end of
the day unused trinkets tend to go
really well with racials so if you're an
orc
or
primarily a troll
bloodlust brooch will probably be better
for you at the end and that's it for
enhancement biss
if you have any opinions on what you're
going to do feel free to leave feedback
in the comments below
i will address every single comment and
we can have a discussion about what you
are choosing in some of these item slots
and maybe at the end of the day i'll
switch my decision uh based on your
evidence but from all of my research on
this topic
these are the items and the set that i
am choosing i think having 19 hit is
very valuable i think having 11
expertise is okay and as an orc getting
these axes will actually make that even
more
so that's something important to
consider i would argue that if you're
going to be a troll or a tauren that
baseline you could honestly not worry
about the vengeful gladiators cleavers
and just go with the siphon of nathrezim
or
you could go with rising tide even but
siphon of nathrezim will be a second the
second highest damage with the proc
if you want to see my transition into
enhancement from elemental while still
also providing elemental videos of
course because i'm an elemental shaman
at heart and i'm doing enhancement to
help my guild because we need a second
enhancement shaman it's also something
that i've been passionate about shamans
are just great in general so if you want
to watch povs of shamans more things
coming up for wrath of the lich king i
have a ton of content on that coming
feel free to hit the subscribe button it
would really help me out and mean the
world to me otherwise until next time
folks farewell
[Music]